Understanding static:

When a member is declared static, it can be accessed before any objects of its class are created,
and without reference to any object. You can declare both methods and variables to be static.
The most common example of a static member is main( ).
main( ) is declared as static because it must be called before any objects exist.
Static method in Java is a method which belongs to the class and not to the object



If 'static' keyword is crucial in main method because it allows the JVM to call the 'main' method without needing to instantiate the class.
If you remove the 'static' keyword, the JVM won't be invoke the 'main' method, and you'll likely get an error similar to "Error: Main method not found in class"

So, to run a Java program , the 'main' method must be declared as 'public static void main(String[] args)' . It serves as the starting point for the execution of the program.



Static Methods:

A static method belongs to the class rather than an instance of the class
It is declared using the static keyword

Static methods can be called using the class name, without creating an instance of the class.
They cannot access non-static(instance) variables directly


A static method can access only static data. It cannot access non-static data (instance variables)
A non-static member belongs to an instance. It's meaningless without somehow resolving which instance of a class you
are talking about. In a static context, you don't have an instance, that's why you can't access a non-static member
without explicitly mentioning an object reference.
In fact, you can access a non-static member in a static context by specifying the object reference explicitly :

A static method can call only other static methods and cannot call a non-static method from it.
A static method can be accessed directly by the class name and doesn’t need any object
A static method cannot refer to "this" or "super" keywords in anyway


Static Blocks:
1. A static block is a block of code enclosed in braces and preceded by the 'static' keyword.
2. It is executed when the class is loaded into memory, before the execution of any static method or creation of an instance.
3. Static blocks are often used for static initialization.


Memory Allocation of Static Methods:
1. They are stored in the permanent Generation space of heap as they are associated with class in which they reside not to the objects of that class.
2. But their local variables and the passed argument to them are stored in the stack.
3. Since they belong to the class, so they can be called to without creating the object of the class.
4. 






